## Bank Dhofar - Board of Directors

Eng. Abdul Hafidh Salim Rajab Al Ojaili is currently the Chairman of Bank Dhofar. He is the Chairman of the Board Executive Committee. He is a promoter shareholder of well-established institutions in Oman such as Bank Dhofar, Dhofar International Development & Investment Holding Co. SAOG, Dhofar Power Company SAOC and Oman Aviation Services Co. (SAOG). He holds a master’s degree in mechanical engineering.

Mr. Ahmed Said Al Mahrezi is a member of the Board of Directors. He is also the Deputy Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Board Nomination & Remuneration Committee, a member of the Board Risk Committee and a member of the Board Audit Committee. He has extensive experience in the public sector in Law, Finance, Investment & Administration, extending over a period of more than 36 years. Mr. Ahmed holds a Master of International Business Law.

Mr. Mohammed Yousuf Al Ibrahim is a member of the Board of Directors. He is also a member of the Board ExecutiveCommittee, a member of the Board Risk Committee and a member of the Board Nomination & RemunerationCommittee. He has extensive experience in directorship of private and public companies. His diverse portfolioincludes being Shareholder, Executive & Managing Director of various private companies & Establishments. He isa Director of Dhofar University. Mr. Mohammed holds a Bachelor of Business Administration.

Mr. Tariq Abdul Hafidh Al Aujaili is a member of the Board of Directors. He is also the Chairman of the Board RiskCommittee and a member of the Board Nomination & Remuneration Committee. He has extensive experienceof public companies’ directorship. Other positions held by him include Vice Chairman of Dhofar International. Development & Investment Holding Co. SAOG, Vice Chairman of Dhofar Insurance Co SAOG and Vice Chairmanof Oman Investment & Finance Co SAOG. Mr. Tariq holds a Bachelor of Accountancy & Finance.

Mr. Hamdan Abdul Al Hafidh Farsi is a member of the Board of Directors. He is also the Chairman of the Board Audit Committee. He currently holds the position of Director of Governance, Risk Management & Compliance at the Social Protection Fund. He is a director of National Gas Co SAOG. He has a wealth of experience extending for 28 years in Finance, Internal Audit and Risk Management. Mr. Hamdan Al Farsi holds a Bachelor, Master degree in Accountancy and PhD in Management.

Mr. Faisal Mohamed Moosa Al Yousef is a member of the Board of Directors and a member of the Board ExecutiveCommittee He is the Chairman of Muscat Finance Co SAOG, Chairman of Al Ruwad International for EducationServices and Cactus Premier Drilling Services and a member of the Board of Directors of Dhofar InternationalDevelopment and Investment Holding Co SAOG and Al Anwar Investments. He is the Chief Executive Officer of AlYousef Group. Mr. Faisal holds a Bachelor of Economics, an Executive MBA from Oxford university and holds anAdvance Diploma in insurance. He is a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, U.K.

Sheikh Khalid Said Salim Al Wahaibi is a member of the Board of Directors, a member of the Board Executive Committee and a member of the Board Audit Committee. He is the Chairman of Al Omaniya Financial Services Co SAOG and Deputy Chairman of National Gas Co SAOG. He has a wealth of experience extending over 27 years as a Director and Managing Director of Assarain Group of Companies. Sheikh Khalid holds a Bachelor of Business Administration.

Sheikh Tariq Salim Mustahil Al Mashani is a member of the Board of Directors, a member of the Board ExecutiveCommittee, a member of the Board Risk Committee and a member of the Board Nomination & RemunerationCommittee. He is a Chairman of Dhofar University and Board Director of Al Omaniya Financial Services SAOG. Hehas extensive experience in directorship of private companies. His diverse portfolio includes being Shareholder,Chairman and Director of various private companies & establishments. Sheikh Tariq holds a Bachelor of Business Management.

Mr. Ahmed Sultan Al Yaqoubi has 25 years of work experience in the Ministry of Defense Pension Fund and hassignificantly contributed to the overall development of Fund and he was a core member of the Investment Teamsince the inception, graded with a global title in experience, as an expert in project management, real estate andthe investment industry. He has significant experience in all aspects of project management. He has served also onthe Boards of Directors of Public listed companies e.g. Sohar Power & National Aluminum Products Co. Mr. AhmedAl Yaqoubi holds a bachelor degree in Commerce & Economics. 
